The word hacking implies the exercise of gaining unauthorized access to data in a system or computer. It is a technology mainly practiced by "hackers" who can break into a system through computer or actual actions. Even the hacker culture started with illegal unauthorized access into systems, but as the time past different types of hackers and hacker profession has grown out if it. There's individual hackers that practicing hacking independently, there's hackers that work in and for certain organizations for different purpose (such as companies, governments, or NGOs). There's hackers who would get access to people's digital devices for their privacy and use it to gain money. There's hackers who works to protect and build their cyber security systems, by hacking in with authorized access. There's also activist hackers that are using their hacking techniques to pursue their belief. (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hacker, https://blog.eccouncil.org/types-of-hackers-and-what-they-do-white-black-and-grey/)
a blind boy with an absolute pitch named "joybubbles" interfered AT&T's automated telephone system, where he can get free calls on payphone. And this was considered the first hacking. Back then, most of hackers work in an organizations, such as Chaos Computer Club in Germany, Legion of Doom in USA. Where they not giving direct harm to the companies they hacked in, but mainly providing knowledges of hacking to more hackers through the experience. The earliest cybersecurity idea was brought up by Ray Tomlinson, the person who invented email, also invented the first computer worm in the world and he soon invented antivirus software that can chase the worm and delete it. All the way until 1988, a young boy named Robert Tappan Morris released a worm that affected a large scale of internet users at that point and caused more public attention going towards the hacking culture. As the issue of unauthorized access being acknowledged a program call Sun Devil was used to dismantle the "illegal computer hacking activity". This is the first implication of cyber security. Until now, hackers would appear to attack big companies for private informations, data, and even money, government would send hackers to steal defuse information of different countries. But meanwhile, Hackers are also there to fix the problem, build the cybersecurity system and improve the quality of cybersecurity. But, most of the publics still have a strong negative prejudice towards hackers and hacking. I blame that to intellectual monopoly, where regular people like me have limited knowledge towards the cyber culture and its history, lack of opportunity to learn the importance of the cybersecurity and the vulnerability of our own informations stored online. (https://securitytrails.com/blog/how-web-software-gets-hacked, https://www.sentinelone.com/blog/history-of-cyber-security/, https://www.taylorfrancis.com/books/9781315155852/chapters/10.1201/9781315155852-11)
